Last time, on Yu-Gi-Oh GX.
As you know, it's the
start of a brand new year,
and we've invited a few
new students to join you.
Leading the pack
at North Academy,
it's Jesse Anderson!
(cheering)
No way, he's the kid with
the Crystal Beast deck.
I'd like you to meet
our visiting professor
from West Academy,
Professor Thelonios Viper!
Now then, why don't
we kick off the year
by holding an exhibition
match right now.
Jesse Anderson, and
his opponent will be...
Jaden Yuki.
Aqua Dolphin!
(shouting)
♪
He took out them
Crystal Beasts!
Not quite.
♪
Get this, instead of going
to the graveyard, they stay,
by turning into
precious crystals.
My Crystal Beasts
are full of surprises.
♪
♪ Chillin' out with the
crew in the school yard ♪
♪ Findin' trouble,
never lookin' too hard ♪
♪ Well back at class,
they never taught us this ♪
♪ Some things you gotta
learn, hit or miss ♪
♪ Tough times, hard climbs,
we'll take 'em on together ♪
♪ Right now, let's go ♪
♪ Yu-Gi-Oh GX, Generation X ♪
♪ Game on, get your game on ♪
♪ Come on, ya better
play your cards right ♪
♪ Game on, get your game on ♪
♪ We'll make the grade
and win this fight ♪
♪
♪ We'll make the grade somehow ♪
♪ Yeah, Yu-Gi-Oh GX! ♪
♪ Game on, get your game on ♪
♪ Come on, ya better
play your cards right ♪
♪ Come on and get your game on ♪
♪
If you liked my
last two monsters,
you'll love this!
It's my Crystal
Beast Amethyst Cat!
♪
(growling)
This one looks tasty.
He'll make a perfect snack.
Easy.
I haven't had fresh
meat in a cat's age!
Down, girl!
Oh, she's harmless.
But this isn't!
It's called
Tempt of the Crystal,
and it gives me more
bling for my buck.
See, since I have three Crystal
Beasts in play,
once you draw,
I get to invite one
more to the party.
♪
Say howdy to my Crystal
Beast, Topaz Tiger.
♪
Ready?
Why don't you tell our friends
here about my special talent?
I almost forgot.
Whenever my tiger attacks,
his power increases by 400.
Topaz, show him what we mean!
♪
No, not Aquos!
Let me sink my teeth in now.
You want a taste, huh?
Well, once I cut
your strength in half,
you're allowed to take a
bite right out of Jaden.
Have fun.
♪
Be gentle!
Poor guy.
Come on, you've been
through worse than this!
♪
I have?
I've only scratched the surface.
Patience, girl.
You've done plenty for now.
Take a cat-nap.
Good idea.
As for me...
Nap-time is over!
So I summon
Neo-Spacian Flare Scarab!
♪
Well I'll be,
another spaceman!
Neos.
Scarab.
Contact Fusion!
♪
Jesse,
meet Elemental
Hero Flare Neos!
Now that's a combo!
Let's see what
else you got.
Well, I aim to please, so
here, this one's for you.
My Neo Space field spell.
♪
Now, for every spell or
trap card on the field,
Neos gets a 400
attack point boost.
Plus a little extra,
thanks to my field spell.
♪
He's so cool!
Oh yeah?
And what does that make me,
a box of used kitty litter?
Come on, just
'cause I can
appreciate my
opponent's monsters,
doesn't mean I like
you guys any less.
Hey, kitty cats,
your nine lives are up!
You said it, declaw
those things, J!
You heard the man, Neos.
There's more than
one way to skin a cat,
so let's try Flare Storm!
♪
It won't work,
thanks to this!
Tough break, but due to
my Last Resort trap card,
I can activate a field spell.
But there's something
in it for you, too.
You get to draw
yourself a bonus card.
As for me, I activate
Ancient City Rainbow Ruins!
♪
Where are we?
We're in Rome, which means
that your Neo Space is gone!
So are all those
extra points.
Oh yeah, now for the
effect of my field spell.
Guess what, since I
have two Crystal Beasts
in my spell card zone,
my attack damage
now gets cut in half.
♪
This guy reminds me of me,
without the good looks.
Not to mention the
winning personality.
Now, I switch Grand
Mole to defense mode!
I'm afraid that you
can't do much else,
because Neos goes
back to your deck.
Looks like someone's
a little forgetful.
But I have personality.
These two are
perfectly matched.
Yes, I'm at
the edge of seat.
That's strange.
It seems Professor Viper
doesn't share your enthusiasm.
♪
(laughing)
So you like my
Crystal Beasts, do you?
It looks like
today's your lucky day.
I play Rare Value!
When there are two or more
crystal beasts in my spell
and trap card zone,
and I sacrifice one,
I can draw two new cards.
♪
Sorry, Turtle, but I'll
bring you back soon, old pal.
Now to draw!
I summon Crystal
Beast Amber Mammoth!
♪
How many of these
things do you have?
♪
I would love to pummel that
little toothpick of a man!
♪
Topaz Tiger, time
to whack that mole!
♪
Looks like you
forgot something!
Whenever my mole's
in a smackdown,
both our monsters
go back to our hands!
♪
Not too shabby.
Of course, I'm not alone.
You did notice the
elephant in the room, right?
Well here's a closer look!
♪
Ouch.
That should do.
Our reputation rests with Jaden,
no wonder you're sweating.
I never sweat, I perspire.
Professor Viper, you're back.
Forgive me, chancellor,
I had to step out.
But I've been monitoring
this duel closely,
and I'm quite pleased.
They're both exhibiting
their full potential.
I just hope the other
students are inspired.
Couldn't agree more!
That's right
you fools, fight.
Fight with everything you have.
Trust me,
the energy you expend will
be donated to a worthy cause.
♪
And once I harness enough
of your inner strength,
my wish will be granted.
♪
This is a code red, boys.
The sarge needs backup.
You don't know
the half of it,
Jaden's in way over
his head this time.
Aster?
Why are you here?
Gee, thanks, nice
to see you too.
I'm a student here, remember?
Student?
I thought you were
back on the Pro Circuit.
I was, until I heard those
Crystal Beasts were here.
They're legendary, dude.
Hold up, Phoenix,
you're giving up the pros
just to get your
hands on some cards?
Not quite, Hassleberry.
Only Jesse can control
the Crystal Beasts.
They have a special bond.
How sweet!
Kind of reminds you of
our bond, right, boys?
You wish, get lost.
A bond?
Like that Wacky glue?
This might be a
little over your head,
but some duelists have
a strong connection
to their cards.
Ever notice that Jaden's
always talking to his monsters?
Well, Jesse can do the same
thing with his Crystal Beasts.
In fact, even when
they get destroyed,
their spirits are
always with him.
Let me put it in your
language, soldier.
It's like Jesse has
his own personal army,
ready to back him up whenever
he's on the battlefield.
Cards that talk?
Monster spirits?
What kind of fool
do you think I am?
Hassleberry, I don't think
you want me to answer that,
so let's move on.
What I'm trying to say is,
Jesse didn't
chose his monsters,
he was chosen by them.
The cards picked him?
Give me a break.
Yeah, we all need a
break from this duel.
♪
All that junk about
talking cards is hooey.
You don't believe me?
Then why don't you give
Maximillion Pegasus a call.
He told me about all
this back when I won
my first Industrial
Illusions tournament.
Aster boy.
That was quite a
tremendous victory.
You are, without a doubt, one of
the finest duelists I've seen.
You're in my top five.
Yugi Mutou is number
one, of course.
♪
The number two slot
goes to Seto Kaiba.
♪
I'd have to say,
Joey Wheeler is number three.
And the fourth, is you.
Who's the fifth?
Jesse boy, of course.
Who's that?
I met him a few years ago at a
regional tournament down south.
As soon as Jesse took the field,
something strange happened.
The Crystal Beast
cards I had with me
began to call out to him.
No way!
Wow, I thought they
were just a legend.
Oh, they're real.
And now, they belong to him.
He took them?
For keeps?
I would have paid
anything for those cards.
Too bad they
weren't for sale.
They needed to chose
the duelist they wanted.
You mean the
cards picked him?
My dear boy,
there are mystical powers out
there that you wouldn't believe.
Well, cheers!
Here's to all your
future victories!
Jaden, I hope you know
what you're dealing with.
I have no idea what
I'm dealing with.
I'm just glad those
crystal things of his
don't have any attack points.
No attack points?
But, that can only mean...
You're planning to sacrifice
those jewels, aren't you!
♪
How do you know?
What's Jaden talking about?
All right, you got me!
I'm gonna trade in my
crystals for an upgrade.
So then I was right!
Almost, here's the deal.
There's seven crystals, and
when they're all on the field,
they merge to make
something new!
Sweetness!
This, I gotta see.
You'll play it soon, right?
Not quite.
What fun is that?
I don't want this to end
yet, I'm having a blast.
Sorry, but you're
gonna have to wait!
Me, wait?
If you won't summon it,
then I'll force it out.
I activate Convert Contact!
Since my field is empty,
I can take one Neo-Spacian from
my hand and one from my deck,
and send them to my grave.
Then I can draw a card for
each monster on your field,
plus the card I
would normally draw.
That's two.
♪
I play, and this
may sound strange,
a spell card
called Cocoon Party!
Here's how it works.
For every Neo-Spacian in
my grave, I get a cocoon.
♪
How cute, little baby aliens!
Sure they're small now,
but you know kids these days.
Before you know it,
they're all grown up!
So I play Contact!
♪
Not bad!
Three Neo-Spacians in one turn?
That's right,
now watch this.
Thanks to my Hummingbird's
effect, I get 1,000 life points.
500 for each of your cards.
♪
But that's not all.
Next, I'll activate Neos Energy,
giving my Dark Panther
800 extra points.
♪
Now, go use them!
Attack his Amber Mammoth!
♪
Remember, thanks
to my field spell,
I lose half as
many attack points.
But I gotta say, your
deck is awesome, J.
Right back at you.
Now, how about you go ahead
and play this secret
monster of yours?
Believe me, I
wish that I could.
♪
You wanna see a monster?
Well here's my Crystal
Beast Sapphire Pegasus!
♪
Ready, pal?
Okie doke!
Then, for starters, let's
show off your special effect!
♪
Whenever Sapphire Pegasus
joins the field,
guess what I'm allowed to do?
Take a crystal beast from
my graveyard and summon it!
♪
Surprise, it's good ol' Ruby!
And she's got a
special ability too.
Be careful what
you wish for,
because now you have to face
all seven of my
Crystal Beasts at once.
♪
All right, Ruby, it's
your time to shine.
♪
(screeching)
Now you can
merge them, right?
You have a one track
mind, don't you, J?
♪
Is he gonna summon this
dragon of his or what?
All righty, gents, follow me!
Aye aye, chief!
Pegasus, attack Dark Panther!
♪
Amethyst!
This time, it's personal!
Time to pounce, girl!
♪
Ouch!
Cobalt Eagle!
♪
Amber Mammoth!
Now, it's your turn, Ruby!
♪
Sam Hill!
Oh no!
Jaden!
You all right?
I've been scratched,
trampled, and pecked,
so yeah, I feel just peachy.
What else you got in
that bag of tricks?
That's all.
Good, then I'll go.
Come on, deck,
don't fail me now.
Watch this!
♪
To start, I'll play the
spell card, Fake Hero!
Thanks to this, I get to
summon any hero from my hand,
and I choose my Neos!
♪
But wait, next I
play Contact Soul!
Since Neos is on the field,
I can summon another
Neo-Spacian from my graveyard.
And I pick my
Air Hummingbird.
♪
Now, merge to form
Elemental Hero Air Neos!
♪
And get this, since you
have more lifepoints than me,
Neos gets extra
attack points!
1,200 big ones to be exact!
Not a bad special effect, huh?
♪
So it's game over!
Neos, finish this!
♪
Sorry to interrupt!
But it's time, remember?
That monster you
wanted to see?
Oh, yeah.
He's gonna
summon his dragon!
It's about time!
All seven Crystal
Beasts are here,
which means there's only
one thing left to do!
I play Rainbow Dragon!
♪
Meet the most feared
creature in history!
♪
You'll never survive!
Just kiddin'.
♪
Nice duel!
Wait, where's
Rainbow Dragon?
Well, that's
the funny thing,
I haven't got that
card in my deck yet, J.
(chuckling)
Uh, come again?
That's just bull, dude.
This is totally lame.
No Rainbow Dragon?
What's up with that?
Oh, come on!
Sorry everyone, but I know
it's out there somewhere!
What do you mean, bro?
Well, according to the legend,
the soul of the Rainbow Dragon
lives inside an
ancient stone tablet.
But no one knows
where to find it.
But when it is found,
according to Pegasus,
it's gonna be made into
a duel monster's card.
Hey, folks!
If anyone sees a tablet,
let me know, okay?
Because I plum need it!
♪
Excellent, a fitting
start for the new semester.
Now join me, won't you?
♪
Your first lesson is complete.
Lesson?
♪
As I explained to you before,
I fancy myself a man of action.
You learn by practicing,
so I'll be organizing
mandatory duels every day,
and I suggest you comply,
because from now on I'll be
monitoring your every move.
♪
He's scaring the students!
You're right,
and that's our job!
You're my pupils now, and
to succeed, you must duel!
Oh, man, something's
not right about this.
What gave that away?
The maniacal laugh
or the creepy music?
♪
See, all you had to
do was play this combo,
and you would've won.
Yeah, but this one's more fun!
See, I just add that to this!
Oh yeah.
Hey, let's talk
about your deck now.
They're twins!
Ain't that cute.
Two Jadens?
Oh well, I guess it
could be worse, right?
At least Chazz
doesn't have a twin.
Rematch?
Any time.
♪
♪ Chillin' out with the
crew in the school yard ♪
♪ Findin' trouble,
never lookin' too hard ♪
♪ Well back at class,
they never taught us this ♪
♪ Some things you gotta
learn, hit or miss ♪
♪ Tough times, hard climbs,
we'll take 'em on together ♪
♪ Right now, let's go ♪
♪ Yu-Gi-Oh GX ♪
♪ Game on, get your game on ♪
♪ Come on, come on
and get your game on ♪♪